README.md, before:

<div align="center" id="top"> 
  <img src="./.github/app.gif" alt="Python 1" />

  &#xa0;

  <!-- <a href="https://python.netlify.app">Demo</a> -->
</div>

<h1 align="center">Python</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Github top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/jordanistan/python?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="Github language count" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/jordanistan/python?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="Repository size" src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/jordanistan/python?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/jordanistan/python?color=56BEB8">

  <!-- <img alt="Github issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/jordanistan/python?color=56BEB8" /> -->

  <!-- <img alt="Github forks" src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/jordanistan/python?color=56BEB8" /> -->

  <!-- <img alt="Github stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/jordanistan/python?color=56BEB8" /> -->
</p>

<!-- Status -->

<!-- <h4 align="center"> 
	🚧  Python 1 🚀 Under construction...  🚧
</h4> 

<hr> -->

<p align="center">
  <a href="#dart-about">About</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0; 
  <a href="#sparkles-features">Features</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#rocket-technologies">Technologies</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#white_check_mark-requirements">Requirements</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#checkered_flag-starting">Starting</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#memo-license">License</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="https://github.com/jordanistan" target="_blank">Author</a>
</p>

<br>

## :dart: About ##

# Python For Beginners
Welcome! Are you completely new to programming? If not then we presume you will be looking for information about why and how to get started with Python. Fortunately an experienced programmer in any programming language (whatever it may be) can pick up Python very quickly. It's also easy for beginners to use and learn, so jump in!

# Installing
Installing Python is generally easy, and nowadays many Linux and UNIX distributions include a recent Python. Even some Windows computers (notably those from HP) now come with Python already installed. If you do need to install Python and aren't confident about the task you can find a few notes on the BeginnersGuide/Download wiki page, but installation is unremarkable on most platforms.

# Learning
Before getting started, you may want to find out which IDEs and text editors are tailored to make Python editing easy, browse the list of introductory books, or look at code samples that you might find helpful.

There is a list of tutorials suitable for experienced programmers on the BeginnersGuide/Tutorials page. There is also a list of resources in other languages which might be useful if English is not your first language.

The online documentation is your first port of call for definitive information. There is a fairly brief tutorial that gives you basic information about the language and gets you started. You can follow this by looking at the library reference for a full description of Python's many libraries and the language reference for a complete (though somewhat dry) explanation of Python's syntax. If you are looking for common Python recipes and patterns, you can browse the ActiveState Python Cookbook

# Looking for Something Specific?
If you want to know whether a particular application, or a library with particular functionality, is available in Python there are a number of possible sources of information. The Python web site provides a Python Package Index (also known as the Cheese Shop, a reference to the Monty Python script of that name). There is also a search page for a number of sources of Python-related information. Failing that, just Google for a phrase including the word ''python'' and you may well get the result you need. If all else fails, ask on the python newsgroup and there's a good chance someone will put you on the right track.

# Frequently Asked Questions
If you have a question, it's a good idea to try the FAQ, which answers the most commonly asked questions about Python.



## :sparkles: Features ##

:heavy_check_mark: Learn Python\

## :rocket: Technologies ##

The following tools were used in this project:

- [Python for Starters](https://www.python.org/about/gettingstarted/)
- [Python Download](https://www.python.org/downloads/)


## :white_check_mark: Requirements ##

Before starting :checkered_flag:, you need to have [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed.

## :checkered_flag: Starting ##

```bash
# Clone this project
$ git clone https://github.com/jordanistan/python

# Access
$ cd python

# Install dependencies
$ install.py

```

## Support me with Coffee ## 

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/jordanistan" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>
## :memo: License ##

This project is under license from MIT. For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file.


Made with :heart: by <a href="https://github.com/jordanistan" target="_blank">Jordanistan</a>

&#xa0;

<a href="#top">Back to top</a>

Commit message:

updated with things to learn

README.md, after:

<div align="center" id="top"> 
  <img src="./.github/app.gif" alt="Python 1" />

  &#xa0;

  <!-- <a href="https://python.netlify.app">Demo</a> -->
</div>

<h1 align="center">Python</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Github top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/jordanistan/python?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="Github language count" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/jordanistan/python?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="Repository size" src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/jordanistan/python?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/jordanistan/python?color=56BEB8">

  <!-- <img alt="Github issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/jordanistan/python?color=56BEB8" /> -->

  <!-- <img alt="Github forks" src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/jordanistan/python?color=56BEB8" /> -->

  <!-- <img alt="Github stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/jordanistan/python?color=56BEB8" /> -->
</p>

<!-- Status -->

<!-- <h4 align="center"> 
	🚧  Python 1 🚀 Under construction...  🚧
</h4> 

<hr> -->

<p align="center">
  <a href="#dart-about">About</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0; 
  <a href="#sparkles-features">Features</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#rocket-technologies">Technologies</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#white_check_mark-requirements">Requirements</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#checkered_flag-starting">Starting</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#memo-license">License</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="https://github.com/jordanistan" target="_blank">Author</a>
</p>

<br>

## :dart: About ##

# Python For Beginners
Welcome! Are you completely new to programming? If not then we presume you will be looking for information about why and how to get started with Python. Fortunately an experienced programmer in any programming language (whatever it may be) can pick up Python very quickly. It's also easy for beginners to use and learn, so jump in!

# Installing
Installing Python is generally easy, and nowadays many Linux and UNIX distributions include a recent Python. Even some Windows computers (notably those from HP) now come with Python already installed. If you do need to install Python and aren't confident about the task you can find a few notes on the BeginnersGuide/Download wiki page, but installation is unremarkable on most platforms.

# Learning
Before getting started, you may want to find out which IDEs and text editors are tailored to make Python editing easy, browse the list of introductory books, or look at code samples that you might find helpful.

There is a list of tutorials suitable for experienced programmers on the BeginnersGuide/Tutorials page. There is also a list of resources in other languages which might be useful if English is not your first language.

The online documentation is your first port of call for definitive information. There is a fairly brief tutorial that gives you basic information about the language and gets you started. You can follow this by looking at the library reference for a full description of Python's many libraries and the language reference for a complete (though somewhat dry) explanation of Python's syntax. If you are looking for common Python recipes and patterns, you can browse the ActiveState Python Cookbook

# Looking for Something Specific?
If you want to know whether a particular application, or a library with particular functionality, is available in Python there are a number of possible sources of information. The Python web site provides a Python Package Index (also known as the Cheese Shop, a reference to the Monty Python script of that name). There is also a search page for a number of sources of Python-related information. Failing that, just Google for a phrase including the word ''python'' and you may well get the result you need. If all else fails, ask on the python newsgroup and there's a good chance someone will put you on the right track.

# Frequently Asked Questions
If you have a question, it's a good idea to try the FAQ, which answers the most commonly asked questions about Python.

# Things to Learn in Python
Learn the basics of Python, its history, installations, syntax and other basic constructs such as operators, variables, and statements.
Understand the applications of Python and the difference between Python 2 and Python 3.
Learn the important concepts such as loops and decision making.
Understand the basic data structure such as dictionaries, sets, and lists.
Learn how to develop a virtual environment.
Get started with functions as well as recursion.
Understand object-based concepts such as classes, methods, overloading, and inheritance.
Gain experience with modules like calendar, namedruple, and OS.
Know how to do file handling and understand other complex concepts such as generators, decorators, and shallow and deep copying.
Get started with building GUIs with Python.
Know how to generate and use random numbers as well as regular expressions.
Understand more complicated topics such as XML processing, networking, and multiprocessing.
Know how to use Pandas, NumPy, and SciPy.
Know how to debug log, unit test, serialize and access the database.


## :sparkles: Features ##

:heavy_check_mark: Learn Python\

## :rocket: Technologies ##

The following tools were used in this project:

- [Python for Starters](https://www.python.org/about/gettingstarted/)
- [Python Download](https://www.python.org/downloads/)


## :white_check_mark: Requirements ##

Before starting :checkered_flag:, you need to have [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed.

## :checkered_flag: Starting ##

```bash
# Clone this project
$ git clone https://github.com/jordanistan/python

# Access
$ cd python

# Install dependencies
$ install.py

```

## Support me with Coffee ## 

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/jordanistan" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>
## :memo: License ##

This project is under license from MIT. For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file.


Made with :heart: by <a href="https://github.com/jordanistan" target="_blank">Jordanistan</a>

&#xa0;

<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
